Add tags with python commands to avoid misnumbering (#2416)
pyvista/pyvista: CONTRIBUTING.rst

   version of the code base that is also reflected on PyPI/. Hotfixes
   from ``fix/`` branches should be merged both to main and to these
   branches. When necessary to create a new patch release these release

>    branches will have their ``__version__.py`` updated and be tagged

Reviewer: similarly

7.  When the branch is deemed as stable for public release, the PR will
    be merged to main and the ``main`` branch will be tagged with a
    ``MAJOR.MINOR.0`` release. The release branch will not be deleted.

>     Tag the release with the same way with :ref:`_patch_release_steps`.

Author: ```suggestion
    Tag the release with:

    .. code:: bash
       cd path/to/pyvista/repository
       git tag v`python -c "import pyvista as pv; print(pv.__version__)"`
       git push origin --tags
```

    .. code:: bash

>        git tag v`python -c "import pyvista as pv; print(pv.__version__)"`

Reviewer 2: I think `$()` is usually preferred over backticks, partly because escaping hell doesn't apply with it. Not that this is nested. Just a weak suggestion:
```suggestion
       git tag v$(python -c "import pyvista as pv; print(pv.__version__)")
```

>        git tag v$(python -c "import pyvista as pv; print(pv.__version__)")

Reviewer 3: Great idea! This would have prevented the `v0.35.0` release issue I had a few months back.

Reviewer: Hm. We have a mismatch of tags with the `v` prefix and not. Seems this was adopted at v0.33.0? Is this intentional? I generally do not like to use the `v` prefix

Reviewer: Otherwise, this is a nice, clean way to set the tag. Definitely will adopt elsewhere too

Reviewer 3: I felt the same way, but the main problem of not adopting `v*` as a tag prefix is it makes it difficult to either `grep` or filter tags. Additionally, with github's new [tag proection rules](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/configuring-tag-protection-rules), without a prefix we can't restrict the tags we want to protect.

So far, the last several tags have been:
```
0.30.0
0.30.1
0.31.0
0.31.1
0.31.2
0.31.3
0.32.0
0.32.1
v0.33.0
v0.33.1
v0.33.2
v0.33.3
v0.34.0
v0.34.1
```
So, we've defacto switched over. We can change back, but I think I see the logic in prefixing tags now.

11. Announce the new release in the PyVista Slack workspace and
    celebrate!

> .. _patch_release_steps:
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

1. Push the necessary bugfix(es) to the applicable release branch. This
   will generally be the latest release branch (e.g. ``release/0.25``).

> 2. Update ``__version__.py`` with the next patch increment (e.g.

Reviewer: I think we'd still need to update `pyvista/_version.py`, right?

Author: Yes. We check and review what the next version number is in the diff of `__version__.py`. This automation creates tags and releases from release pull requests.

3. When approved, merge with the release branch, but not ``main`` as
   there is no reason to increment the version of the ``main`` branch.

>    Then tag is created from version number in ``pyvista/_version.py``
>    (see above for the correct steps).

Author: ```suggestion
   Then create a tag from the release branch with the applicable version
   number (see above for the correct steps).
```
